>> Rodriguez: I want you to take a stab
at creating a single column layout.
So you'll have that table overriding
those properties, that browsers and
email clients and by default, things like
cells padding, cell spacing, the border.
Create that single column layout by
making that percentage based 100%
wide container table, and then within
that add that fixed width container for
our purposes let's make
it 600 pixels wide.
That's a good clean number for everybody.
And then add some content inside of there.
You can build this on top of the email
you're already developing that has,
hopefully, that logo, the headline,
the here image, some copy and a button.
So see if you can get that working
inside of a table-based design,
that ends up being 600 pixels wide.
And then try to think about that email,
those table rows and
table cells as components.
Do stuff like put your logo in
a single table row and table cell.
Put your here image in a single
table row table cell, so
you can start building out that
modular design for your campaign.